---
layout: post
title:  "Halfway through the year!"
date:   2025-07-13 18:09:11 -0800
categories: blog update
---
Time to update this blog as I update some of the things on my site! It's been a busy summer so far, and I've been up to a lot of cool things! I decided to restart my Substack so it has ++1 posts on there. To distinguish between the two platforms, the blog here will be more straightforward than my Substack. 

I've been doing a lot of AI-related projects, which you can learn about on the Projects page. I've also been doing a lot of math. I just came back from the 2-week Canadian IMO Training Camp in Banff, Alberta. I had a lot of fun at the camp (Avalon! Good food and board! Beautiful views! Lots of elk and elk meat! Deep philosophical conversations! Learning about my birth country! Trying out cubing!) and met many inspiring, hard-working, passionate people. I really hope our paths cross again in the future! I also learned many mathematical problem-solving techniques, building off of the small amount of olympiad knowledge I came to the camp with. I appreciated the mathematical intensity (IMO mock every other day :O) as it solidified my love for mathematics. Furthermore, tomorrow Euler Circle's class on differential geometry will start, and I'll be hopefully getting back into competition math (EGMO 2026 perhaps?).

Another thing I'm having to do is applying to college. It's insane to me how I'm at the finale of my high school career: Grade 12, but of course, I'm equally enthusiastic to be moving on to another chapter of my life where I can continue to explore the passions I've developed. While I can't control a lot of aspects of the college admissions cycle, writing about myself in the form of essays with word limits has really forced me to think about what defines me as a person. I also have a very long grade 12 bucketlist of things I should try out. Excited to make my last year of high school my best one!

Hoping everyone's summers are going smoothly, and I can't wait to see the results of the things I'm currently doing. Feel free to chat and all that. Signing off!